fix(curriculum): text going against challenge docs (#46849)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-css-variables-by-building-a-city-skyline/5d822fd413a79914d39e98d6.md

# --description--

> Now you have something that is resembling a building. Declare a variable, it begin with two dashes (`-`) and are given a name and a value like this: `--variable-name: value;`. In the `.bb1` class, create a variable named `--building-color1` and give it a value of `#999`.

Reviewer: This flows better and it is still in the guindelines
```suggestion
Now you have something that is resembling a building. You are ready to create your first variable. Variable declarations begin with two dashes (`-`) and are given a name and a value like this: `--variable-name: value;`. In the `.bb1` class, create a variable named `--building-color1` and give it a value of `#999`.
```
